Meeting 1: 9/13/21 @ 11:30 AM

Cory explained what the weekly meetings were for, and told us that we would give updates on our progress each week and have a chance to ask any questions we had. Our team went over our top idea for the project, which is to create a productivity or “Pomodoro” clock that would be used on a computer. The idea is that the user could enter the time intervals for working and for their breaks, and the clock would integrate with other applications to automatically switch back and forth between the work and break screens. For example, the clock would integrate with music services like Spotify to play a study playlist while working or with YouTube to play videos while on the break interval. Cory explained that Spotify and YouTube are easier to integrate but other applications like Apple Music could be difficult.



Meeting 2: 9/20/21 @ 11:30 AM

We told Cory that we officially decided to work on the Pomodoro clock for our project. We also explained that we were meeting tonight to finalize our first milestone, which is our project proposal. Each of us is taking a different part of the proposal and we will check that everyone is good with what our group has together before submitting. Cory suggested that we look through tutorials and think about what to work on for next week.



Meeting 3: 9/27/21 @ 11:30 AM

We had our first week of standups and we all showed Cory how we had updated our Jira page to include all future milestones in place. Our plan was to use the milestones as our guide for determining what we would work on each week and how much progress we needed to make on the project. Cory told us that using the milestones was not the best way to track our progress and that the milestones were more to give us checkups and make sure that we weren't stagnating on our project. We agreed to rework our Jira page during our group meeting that night and use the course schedule as a guide for what we would be learning each week. That way we could have an idea of when we would be able to implement the different layers of our project stack.



Meeting 4: 10/4/21 @ 11:30 AM

This week in standups we showed Cory our written wireframe designs for the different project pages. We also demonstrated how we had set up our virtual environment for Flask and got our bare bones project running. Next week we plan on doing the HTML for our login and registration pages, getting our timers and animations working, and starting to wok on linking Spotify and Youtube as well as our database to the project.


Meeting 5: 10/11/21 @ 11:30 AM

Our group decided to give our midterm presentation despite being given an extension to next week. We demonstrated our Spotify login integration, timer with countdown, SQLite database storing users, animation on main page, and our login and registration pages. The things we most need to work on next are adding more CSS for all pages, integrating our database, refining how the user selects Spotify playlists, and encrypting passwords. Our group also needs to get a better understanding of how to handle merge conflicts when working witth Github.



Meeting 6: 10/18/21 @ 11:30 AM

This week we showed our architectural diagram, and Cory gave us some advice on some things to change. He recommended that we focus more on the technologies being used rather than the files that are in each component. He also said that we should focus on how the different technologies we are using communicate with each other.



Meeting 7: 10/25/21 @ 11:30 AM

Our group demonstrated updates to our main page as well as our updated architecture diagram. On the main page, we have now integrated the Spotify playlists and YouTube videos so they can be viewed embedded in the page. We also have a text box to input YouTube video URLs, and we have buttons that can begin the timer on the page. Cory pointed out that it was difficult to read some of the text on our green background, and suggested that we could change the backgrounds of our div containers and buttons as well as blur them. That way we could still see the blurred bamboo backround and our text would be more visible. Cory also showed us an example of an architecture diagram that demonstrated how we could add borders to encompass the technologies in a component. He explained that an architecture diagram makes it easier to see the communication needs betweeen technologies. He said that overall our group was doing well.
